OSDOCS-16871-3: SCALE-1 Core Scalability Planning and Resource Manage (#106034)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/adding-bare-metal-host-to-cluster-using-web-console.adoc

.Procedure

. In the web console, navigate to *Compute* -> *Bare Metal Hosts*.

. Select *Add Host* -> *New with Dialog*.

. Specify a unique name for the new bare metal host.

. Set the *Boot MAC address*.

. Set the *Baseboard Management Console (BMC) Address*.

. Enter the user credentials for the host's baseboard management controller (BMC).

. Select to power on the host after creation, and select *Create*.

> . Scale up the number of replicas to match the number of available bare metal hosts. Navigate to *Compute* -> *MachineSets*, and increase the number of machine replicas in the cluster by selecting *Edit Machine count* from the *Actions* drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scale up the number of replicas to match the number of available bare-metal hosts. 
.. Navigate to *Compute* -> *MachineSets*
.. To increase the number of machine replicas in the cluster, select *Edit Machine count* from the *Actions* drop-down menu.
```

What do they do after selecting "Edit Machine count"? Type a value?

Author: This is outside the scope of CQA work. I don't want pulling SMEs into this work.
